# P4

I will use something like a nice to meet you glad to meet you and excepted for this I will introduce myself
for example my name is chingya and I am come from China and I've been here for 10 years my major is computer science
and I will try to know the other people's name
I will also show my kindness and the For example show I will show my concern for the other people ask them some general questions
for example where are you from what is your major and what is your hobbies
and the secondly I will try to discover the the person's strengths and the praise the other person
and the finally after the other person answered my question and introduced themselves I will try to find some common ground and some common topics and continue the communication

---

I will say something like "nice to meet you," "glad to meet you," and then I will introduce myself.
For example, "my name is Chingya, and I am from China. I've been here for 10 years. My major is Computer Science."
I will also try to learn the other person's name.
I will show my kindness and concern for the other person by asking some general questions,
such as "where are you from?" "what is your major?" and "what are your hobbies?"
Secondly, I will try to discover the person's strengths and praise them.
Finally, after the other person answers my questions and introduces themselves, I will try to find some common ground and common topics to continue the conversation.

# P5

Hello everyone my name is chingya
and I'm come from China
my major is computer science
and my job is a web developer
and I'm 35 years old now
my hobby is reading books and especially the detective novels
and it's very great to be here
and it's so pleased that meet you

---

Hello everyone, my name is Chingya.
I'm from China.
My major is Computer Science,
and my job is a web developer.
I'm 35 years old.
My hobby is reading books, especially detective novels.
It's great to be here,
and it's a pleasure to meet you.

# P6

1. 热情，open，积极与他人建立连接
2. 尽量了解公司业务和组织架构，方便未来工作
3. be kind，专业，给他人留下好印象，

---

In order to have a successful first day at a new company I will try to the following three points
first of all I will try to be an empathy and open and I will be actively try to build a connections with the other people
and the secondly I will try my best to understand the company's business and resource structures which will be convenient for my future work
and thirdly I will be nice and the professional to to make a very good impression in my colleague

---

In order to have a successful first day at a new company, I will try to follow these three points.
First of all, I will try to be empathetic and open, and I will actively try to build connections with other people.
Secondly, I will do my best to understand the company's business and resource structures, which will be convenient for my future work.
Thirdly, I will be nice and professional to make a very good impression on my colleagues.

# P11

1. 感觉很新鲜，尤其是第一份工作
2. 紧张，害怕出错
3. 兴奋，新环境，新同事，会刺激我，感觉异常兴奋

for the first few days in a new job especially my first job first of all I will feel as interesting
and because it's a new experience and I am in a new environment
secondly I will feel nervous because I fear to to make any mistakes
thirdly I can be excited new environment new colleagues all of this will make me be excited

---

For the first few days in a new job, especially my first job, first of all, I will feel interested
because it's a new experience and I am in a new environment.
Secondly, I will feel nervous because I fear making any mistakes.
Thirdly, I will be excited; a new environment and new colleagues will make me excited.

---

1. 对方的状态，如果他很忙，我就会少说
2. 跟对方的共同话题，如果有很多，我就会多说
3. 对方的态度，如果他不想聊天，我就不说

---

But there are a lot of different kind of things will affect I express myself
first of all it depends on the other person I'm talking with whether he is busy or not
if he is busy with some work I will be silence
and secondly it depends on whether we have some common ground or the common topics
if yes I will be more open and talk a lot
last but not least it depends on the other person's attitude if I find that he has no mood to continue the conversation I will stop

---

But there are a lot of different kinds of things that will affect how I express myself.
First of all, it depends on the other person I'm talking with and whether he is busy or not.
If he is busy with some work, I will be silent.
Secondly, it depends on whether we have some common ground or common topics.
If yes, I will be more open and talk a lot.
Last but not least, it depends on the other person's attitude. If I find that he is not in the mood to continue the conversation, I will stop.

# P15

Align a meeting in the sales department.

Hello Suzi,

My name is Qing, I am working in IT department in MC. Maybe you don't know me, because I am a new one in MC. Let me introduce myself to you.

I am from China. I speak Maderine and English.

My major is computer science. I graducated from Concordia University and obtained Master Degree.

Now I am an analyst in MC, and I am response for the digital product. Answering questions, solving bugs, and developing new fucntions are my daily work.

It's been great to get to know you. It's my pleasure to become college with you.

We will need a meeting next Friday about new target in sales department. I want to align your schedule and organize the meeting with you. Are you available in next Friday 10 AM?

Looking forwards to your reply.

Yours
Qing

---

Hello Suzi,

My name is Qing. I am working in the IT department at MC. Maybe you don't know me because I am new to MC. Let me introduce myself to you.

I am from China, and I speak Mandarin and English.

My major is Computer Science. I graduated from Concordia University and obtained a Master's Degree.

Now I am an analyst at MC, and I am responsible for the digital product. Answering questions, solving bugs, and developing new functions are my daily work.

It's been great to get to know you. It's my pleasure to become colleagues with you.

We will need a meeting next Friday about the new target in the sales department. I want to align your schedule and organize the meeting with you. Are you available next Friday at 10 AM?

Looking forward to your reply.

Yours,
Qing
