# Advanced structures to express modality

## 短语

### to force

- to force
  - His boss forced him to take on the extra work;
- to forbid
  - I forbid you to watch television
- to require
  - you are required to pay 150
- to demand
- to oblige
- necessary
- compulsory
- obligatory ob 力给套瑞
  - the obligatory colour photographs
- essential

### obligation and reluctance

- certainly
- surely
- definitely
- for sure
- without a doubt
- for certain 确定，肯定
  - I can't say for certain if he will come to the party. 我不能确定他是否会来参加派对
- not necessarily
- to be meant to
- to be supposed to
- to be bound to
- to be sure to

### reluctance and politely disagreeing

- If I remember correctly
  - If I remember correctly, it was actually my idea to involve Paul in the project.
- on the whole
  - I think it‘s a good idea on the whole but we definitely have to alter some of the details before we proceed.
- to a large extent
  - To a large extent, Pete would be the better candidate since he has much more experience.
- as far as I’m concerned
  - As far as I’m concerned it’s none of her business – it’s my decision, not hers.
- as a rule
  - As a rule we don‘t accept late applications, but we will make an exception given the exceptional circumstances.
- if I am not mistaken
  - If I am not mistaken, it was actually Jill‘s responsibility to check the documents before they were sent.

## 更正

- firstly ---> first of all
- apply the position ---> apply for the position

## homework

### Homework evaluation activity

- I like this lesson
- the most challenging part is that there are a lot of phases in this lesson, I need to remember them.
- reluctance and politely disagreeing part is the one I like most, it is very 实用的, I can the setence in this part in my daily life.
- to force part is the easiest part for me, because I know almost all the words in this part.

The section on reluctance and politely disagreeing is the one I like the most. It is very <span style="color: #DFDF12">practical</span> , and I can use the sentences <span style="color: #DFDF12">from</span> this part in my daily life.
The section on forcing is the easiest part for me because I <span style="color: #DFDF12">already</span> know almost all the words.

### Homework writing activity

- hi, what do you think about the new task?
- are we meant to do so?
- yes, it is certainly necessary for us to do so.
- as far as I'm concerned, we shouldn't agree to what is being asked of us.
- but we are required to do so
- if I remembered correctly,...
