# Describing my working conditions

[发音与词汇](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lzwAFo0CwDpEaqQE89zduc_p2r5B5FrZxHn87NuAQms/edit#heading=h.9ugbilnon6g7)

## homework

### Write two things you enjoyed and learnt about in this lesson. Write two things which were more difficult to understand.

- enjoyed
  - I learned new vocabulary about working enviroment.
  - I just know some department in one company. For example, PR department, which is public relationship.
- difficult to understand

  - my teacher told me that my pronoceation is not good, I need to pay attention about my prononce.
  - there are a lot of new vocabulories in this class, I need to review and remmeber them.

- Enjoyed

  I learned new vocabulary about the working environment.
  I <span style="color: #DFDF12">got to</span> know some departments in a company. For example, the PR department, which stands for Public Relations.

- Difficult to Understand

  My teacher told me that my pronunciation is not good, and I need to pay more attention to it.
  There are a lot of <span style="color: #DFDF12">new vocabulary words</span> in this class, and I need to review and remember them.

### Update your list of favourite words with some of the vocabulary from this lesson!

- prospects
- balance

### Place the vocabulary from the last slide into a sentence.

- I am in the beginning of my carrer, so prospects is the most important aspect in one job for me so far.
- I immigration to Canada, because I can have a better work life balance here.

I am <span style="color: #DFDF12">at</span> the beginning of my career, so prospects are the most important aspect <span style="color: #DFDF12">of a job</span> for me at this stage.
I immigrated to Canada because I can have a better work-life balance here.
