# Writing a letter of complaint

## 短语

- 阐述问题
  - inconvenience
- 我有情绪了
  - not satisfied with
  - this was a huge disppointment
  - I am really disappointed in that
  - We are extremely angry and very disappointed in the service we have received from your company and cannot believe we are still waiting for a response from you.
- 给我解决问题
  - resolve this situation
  - be entitled to compensation
  - I asked for a refund
  - This is completely unacceptable, I would like a full refund and appropriate compensation.
  - We expect this situation to be rectified as soon as possible, if not we will be forced to complain to a higher authority.
  - Unless I receive a full explanation and adequate compensation for this behaviour, I will be reporting this experience to the local authorities.
  - I expect a response from you within the next one week.

## Page 12

### 1

I bought a TV from your company last week, but when I received the TV, it was broken on delivery.

This is a huge disappointment. My children are looking forward for this new TV. But they have nothing to watch now.

I need you to send me a new TV to replace the broken one.

### 2

My flight was 10 hours late and no hotel or food was provided during this time.

I am extremely angry and very disappointed in the service I have received from your company.

This is completely unacceptable, I would like a full refund and appropriate compensation.

### 3

I waited for my package for over 2 weeks, finally recieved a wrong one.

I am really disappointed in that.

I think I am entitled to compensation.

### 4

I cancelled my contract three months ago but I still received a bill.

This gave me a lot of trouble.

Can you resolve this situation?
