Sunny，Fine，Rainy，Snowy

## Tuesday, May 14 2024, Rainy-Fine

上周六收拾一天家，很有成就感。晚上身体不舒服，后背疼，看了电视剧铁梨花，心情好好。睡得很晚。

周日母亲节，也是我妈的生日。上午出去吃 branch。小宝生病，胃肠感冒，发烧，拉肚子，吐。

昨天我状态很好，心情也好，放过自己了，不喜欢吃蔬菜，就不吃；累了就睡一下。但是古鑫心情一直不好，他感觉没时间学习提升。

今天我的状态一般般，主要是连续几天睡眠不好，我今天要早点睡。

---

Last Saturday, I orgnized my house for the whole day, felt very atrivement. At night, I felt not comfotable, for my back was painful. Afterward, we watched TV show "Tie Li Hua", I was so happy, but we slept very late.

Sunday was mother's day, and also my mother's birthday. In the morning we went out to have branch. Nolan got illness, 胃肠感冒，he got a fever, 拉肚子，呕吐。

I had very good mood and was very happy yesterday, I decided to 放过自己, I don't like eating vegetables, then do not eat; when I am tired, snap for a while. But Xin always felt emo, he thought he had no time to study and improve.

My status is so so today, because I slept not very well for several days. I need to go to bed early today.

---

Last Saturday, I organized my house for the entire day and felt a great sense of achievement. At night, I was uncomfortable because my back was painful. Later, we watched the TV show "Tie Li Hua," which made me very happy, but we ended up going to bed very late.

Sunday was Mother's Day and also my mother's birthday. In the morning, we went out to have brunch. Unfortunately, Nolan got a stomach bug; he had a fever, diarrhea, and vomiting.

I was in a very good mood and very happy yesterday. I decided to be lenient with myself: if I don't like eating vegetables, then I won't eat them; when I am tired, I'll take a nap. However, Xin was feeling emotional; he felt he had no time to study and improve himself.

My condition is so-so today because I haven’t slept well for several days. I need to go to bed early today.

## Tuesday, May 15 2024, Fine-Rainy

我昨天效率不高，因为之前睡眠不好。昨天晚上吃了好多东西，一直看电视剧。

今天很好，因为昨晚睡的好。今天开始学英语。

---

My efficiency is not very high yesterday, because I hadn't slept well. I ate a lot last night, and had been watching TV for the entire night.

I am very happy today, because I slept very well last night. I started to learn english today.

---

Yesterday, my efficiency was low because I hadn't slept well. I ate a lot and watched TV all night.

Today, I am very happy because I slept well last night. I also started learning English today.

---

Very well, I have a very good mood today, but because of lack of sleep, my efficiency is not very good, but still I'm happy. And I just had my dinner and finished working.

I have fried chicken and white rice, and I have one ice cream, and rice noodle which is a cold dishes.

I think strawberry or vanilla. Both are very good. I don't like too sweet ice cream.

I like walk, or reading, or get together with friends.

Favorite book? I prefer to read detective novel and walk just around my house inside the community.

Yes, my house is in a very peaceful area.

That is one Japanese detective novel, and the name is 金田一探案全集, and 金田一 is the last name of the detective, and it's a very long.

Yes, the style of that book is, the design of the cases is not special, but the special part is the Japanese culture.

Yes, recently I'm reading one book which is flower and knife, and I think it's a research from the U.S., and they try to understand the Japanese people, and it's a research report.

I just began to read it, and there is some comparison between Chinese and Japanese culture, and so far, it's okay. I'm not so excited in this book.

---

I am in a very good mood today, but because of lack of sleep, my efficiency is not very good. Still, I am happy. I just had my dinner and finished working.

I had fried chicken and white rice, one ice cream, and rice noodles, which is a cold dish.

I think it was either strawberry or vanilla. Both are very good. I don't like ice cream that is too sweet.

I like walking, reading, or getting together with friends.

Favorite book? I prefer to read detective novels and walk just around my house inside the community.

Yes, my house is in a very peaceful area.

There is a Japanese detective novel called "金田一探案全集," and 金田一 is the last name of the detective. It's a very long book.

The style of that book is that the design of the cases is not special, but the special part is the Japanese culture.

Yes, recently I am reading a book called "Flower and Knife," and I think it's a research from the U.S., and they try to understand Japanese people. It's a research report.

I just began to read it, and there are some comparisons between Chinese and Japanese culture. So far, it's okay. I'm not very excited about this book yet.
